README.md, before:

# Lair

One Paragraph of project description goes here

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
  - Go 1.12.5 (or later)
  - [Dep](https://github.com/golang/dep)
  - [Migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate)

### Installing
  1. `git clone git@github.com:weblair/lair.git`
  2. `go run main.go`

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate) - Database Migrations

## Contributing
Before committing, be sure to:
 1. Use [Git Flow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow)
 2. [Sign your commits](https://git-scm.com/book/ms/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work)
 3. Run `gofmt -s\'

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Robert Hawk** - *Initial work* - [DerHabicht](https://github.com/DerHabicht)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/weblair/deploy/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

Some basic Database manipulation
The Makefile template has been updated to remove a new project's
dependency on lair build version --increment and to incorporate this new
metadata method into new project makefiles.

Added a middleware directory

Started scaffolding out default auth middleware in project gen

Instead of panics/Printlns, most of the output is now channeled through
Logrus.

Updated Makefile to use the air tool with make run (giving me hot
reload).

Added some macros into the seed functionality. The two macros that I'm
specifically interested in right now is $PASSWORD (for creating a
bycrpt-hashed password) and $UUID (for creating a random UUID).

$UUID hasn't been implemented here.

$PASSWORD is implemented but it's either not working or I'm not reading
bytes out of the database correctly. When bcrypt tries to compare
passwords against this value it's complaining that the secret is "too
short to be a bcrypted password." So, there's that.

Converted project from Docopt to Cobra.

README.md, after:

# Lair

One Paragraph of project description goes here

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
  - Go 1.12.5 (or later)
  - [Codegansta's Gin](go get github.com/codegangsta/gin)
  - [Dep](https://github.com/golang/dep)
  - [Migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate)

### Installing
  1. `git clone git@github.com:weblair/lair.git`
  2. `go build`
  3. `cp lair $GOPATH/bin/`
  
After the initial install---and assuming you have GNU Make---you can use the included Makefile to build and deploy code
changes to $GOPATH/bin. This will use Lair's `build version --increment` tool to increment the build number in the
VERSION string. You can check your update was installed by running `weblair --version`.

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate) - Database Migrations

## Contributing
Before committing, be sure to:
 1. Use [Git Flow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow)
 2. [Sign your commits](https://git-scm.com/book/ms/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work)
 3. Run `gofmt -s -w .\'

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Robert Hawk** - *Initial work* - [DerHabicht](https://github.com/DerHabicht)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/weblair/deploy/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth) for the README template
* [Commissure](https://github.com/commissure) for the build metadata Makefile
* The GitHub team for the [gitignore](https://github.com/github/gitignore) template
